me
hello to all and welcome
in this funny game on the witcher
more precisely the second installment of the
assassin's of kings series so this
suite was released on pc in 2011
four years after his elder
why I chose the second then
first of all because you are strong
probably more to have
heard about it and that at the level of
realization and especially at the level of
the atmosphere we achieve something
more pronounced than the first
indeed thanks to the evolution of
the witcher 2 graphics is so a rpg
in which despite a great narration
is a pretty dirigiste story
we are led to explore a universe
fantastic medieval through
different areas as and when
the story what I really wanted
represented in this dancing mcv the
goods the colorful environments and
varied deep its fantastic scenery
are making dream this background game that
gives an impression of grandeur with
it's blurry it's light is this cycle
day night that changes the colors and
the general atmosphere of each place has
what do you tape in front of your screen
the home engine of cd projekt the raid
engine does wonders even if one
lacks a little bit of freedom
movement we can stay for hours at
admire the textures on the ground the sky the
vegetation moving and even
monsters
at least until we get
take a nice slap for the drawing
I chose a place quite
emblematic of this second component the forest
of fleet sat then a place that will not you
will not leave indifferent when you
will pass letter for the first time in
anyway these gigantic trees their
roots creating reliefs in the middle of
rocks of streams or ruins
all with variations atmospheres
as the day progresses
forest that wants to look so soothing
that dangerous monster blf trap you
will kindly wait for the universe of the
witcher is really interesting his
dark atmosphere his characters and his
raw situations will not let you
indemma a fantastic world where the
elves are not there cool and cold
in the back and all this in sets
an unparalleled achievement and everything
this will soon be offered in a
totally open world that of the
witcher three wild hunt who will arrive on
our machines next year and who
promises epic adventures in a
universe still so impressive and
a visual and musical atmosphere
always very travet
okay I go I know we are the
tuesday 17 september at the nets i know
that you have gta5 who is waiting for you
found next week on
gamesvideo.com played well ciao